== Sanctuary of Praise

 Sunday, November 23, 2003 marked the beginning of the Sanctuary of Praise Fellowship.  Founded by Reverend John Wilson, III, Sanctuary of Praise Fellowship held its Inaugural Service at the Allen Heritage Center.  Preaching from Jeremiah 29:10-14, Pastor Wilson’s Inaugural Message was entitled “Looking for My Expected End.”  With fewer than 20 people in the audience, Pastor Wilson embarked upon the mission of ministry preaching with great fervor and conviction.  Following the message, God moved mightily and 13 people joined the church and committed themselves to the work of the Lord Jesus Christ in Allen, Texas.

Since it’s beginning, Sanctuary of Praise has grown both spiritually and numerically.  Sunday School was started in August of 2004 with over 25 people in attendance during the first meeting.  In addition, the church has held numerous services and activities including:  “Christmas 2003- A Soulful Celebration”, “Soul Food Sunday 2004- A Celebration of Black History” which was featured in the Dallas Morning News, “Youth Explosion 2004” and a host of outreach efforts that have targeted new residents of the city of Allen.

The last 3 years has birthed growth in both church membership and church programming.  In July of 2005, Sanctuary of Praise implemented “An Hour Of Power” Wednesday Night Bible Study and Prayer and sponsored it’s first Women’s Conference- “WOW 2005- Women of Wisdom”  with Dr. Barbara W. Farmer of State College, Pennsylvania, Evangelist Joyce Chapman and Sis. Becky McCadden of Newport News, Virginia and Evangelist Sherel B. Lee of DeSoto, Texas.  In addition, the church held Vacation Bible School, Family and Friends Sunday and “A Celebration of Life”  the christening services of Baby Jadyn Camille Wilson.

In June 2007, Sanctuary of Praise moved to its current location at 1318 J Avenue in Plano, Texas.  For the first time in the church’s history, Sanctuary of Praise is worshipping in an actual sanctuary.  The church also sponsored its First 100 Men in Jeans Men’s Day Celebration along with a host of other events to minister to the various needs of the community.

Sanctuary of Praise Fellowship is committed to being an active church dedicated to powerful praise, heartfelt worship and meaningful ministry. Our goal is to become a church where the love of God is felt, the spirit of praise is welcome each and every Sunday and God’s power of deliverance is evidenced.  Our vision is to develop disciples that truly know God and seek to make Him known to the Greater Far North Dallas Community. We invite you to come and grow with us!